Title: Unreeal Engine 4 Game Development in 24 Hours
Authors: Aram Cookson, Ryan DowlingSoka, and Clinton Crumpler

Summarization of Content

Chapter 1 - Introducing Unreal Engine 4
    a. Installing Unreal
        - Epice Games Launcher -> Library -> Add Version -> Selet Version -> Install
    b. Creating Your First Project
        - Project Browser -> Blueprint/C++ -> Template -> Target Hardware -> Graphics Quality -> With Starter Content -> Location -> Name -> Create Project
    c. Learning the Interface
        - Layout Interface is Modifiable
        - Menu Bar - File, Edit, Window, and Help
        - Modes Panel
            - Place Mode - For placing actors in a scene
            - Paint Mode - For painting vertex color data on Static Mesh Actors
            - Landscape Mode - For Editing Landscape Terrain Actors
            - Foliage Mode - For painting instanced Foliage Actors in a Level
            - Geometry Editing Mode - For Editing BSP Brush Actors on the vertex edge face level
        - World Outlinier Panel - Displays all the actors within the current level in a hierarchical view
        - Detail Panel - displays all the editable properties for the selected actor in the Viewport
        - Content Browser Panel - primary area for managing assets in a project
        - Viewport Panel - windows into the world you create. Use to move around the current level
            - Viewport Types - Perspective and Orthographic
    d. View Modes and Visualizers
        - Lit - Shows the final result of a scene with materials and lighting applied
        - Unlit - Removes all lighting from the scene, showing base color from assigned materials
        - Wireframe - Shows all the polygon edges of Actors in the scene
        - Detail Lighting - Displays a neautral material across the entire scene, using the normal maps of the assigned materials
        - Lighting Only - Displays neutral materials that is affected only by lighting without normal maps data
    e. Playing a Level

Chapter 2 - Understanding the Gameplay Framework
    a. Available Resources
        - Epic Games Launcher Community and Learn Sections
        - Play-In Editor - collection of options that allowqs you to playtest a level without having to compile or package content beforehand
        - Project Folder Structure
            - Config - this folder contains default .ini files that store default Editor and project settings and preferences
            - Content - This folder stores all the assets in the project that are either imported or created directly in the Editor
            - Intermediate - This folder stores the project's working .ini setting and preference files, along with a CachedAssetRegistry.bin file
            - Saved - This folder contains Editor auto save and backup files, a Collection folder for assets organized into collections in the content browser, project Config settings for target platforms, Editor log files, and the project thumbnail .png image file that you see in the Launcher
    b. Asset References and the Reference Viewer
        - Reference Viewer - shows the dependencies for an asset
    c. Gameplay Framework - collection of C++ or Blueprint classes that manages trhe rules of the Game, player input and avatars, cameras, and player HUDs in every project
        - GameMode Class - used to set the rules of the Game and store all the other classes that are needed to define the Game's core functionality
            - DefaultPawn, HUD, PlayerController, Spectator, ReplaySpectator, PlayerState, GameState
        - Controller Classes - controls a pawn in the game
            - PlayerController - manages inputs from the player and directs a pawn in the game by possessing it.
            - PawnClass - takes input from the PlayerController class and uses it to direct the physical representation of the player in the game (Pawn, Character, and Vehicle)
        - HUD Class - used to draw 2D interface content to the player's screen and create in-Game heads-up display

Chapter 3 - Coordinates, Transforms, Units, and Organization
    a. Understanding Cartesian Coordinates
        - Z (Up and Down), Y (Left to Right), X (Front to Back)
    b. Working with Transforms
        - Transformation Tools
            - Move, Scale, Rotate
        - Interactive and Manual Transforms
            - Interactive - using Move, Scale, or Rotate transformation tools
            - Manual - using specific values or numeric setting in the Details Panel for an Actor
        - World and Local Transforms
            - World - use the whole world, understanding that up is up, down i sdown, forward is forward, and so on.
            - Local - references an Actor as the rule setter
    c. Assessing Units and Measurements
        - 1 Unreal Unit UU is equal to 1 real world centimeter, char = 180uu, door = 220uu, etc.
        - Grid Units - Snapping to Grid
    d. Organizing a Scene
        - World Outliner - hierarchical view of actors in a scene
        - Folders - organization tool
        - Grouping - turning a selection of Actors into a single placed Actor
        - Layers
        - Attaching - attaching Actors to each other to create parent-child relationships

Chapter 4 - Working with Static Mesh Actors
    a. Static Mesh Assets
    b. Static Mesh Editor
    c. Viewing UV Layouts
    d. Collision Hulls
    e. Static Mesh Actors

Chapter 5 - Applying Lighting and Rendering
    a. Learning Light Terminology
    b. Understanding Light Types
    c. Using Light Properties
    d. Building Lighting

Chapter 6 - Using Materials
    a. Understanding Materials
    b. Physically Based Rendering
    c. Material Input Types
    d. Creating Textures
    e. Making a Material

Chapter 7 - Using Audio System Elements
    a. Introducing Audio Basics
    b. Using Sound Actors
    c. Controlling Sounds with Audio Volumes

Chapter 8 - Creating Landscapes and Foliage
    a. Working with Landscapes
    b. Sculpting Shapes and Volumes
    c. Using Foliage

Chapter 9 - World Building
    a. Building Worlds
    b. World Building Process

Chapter 10 - Crafting Effects with Particle Systems
    a. Understanding Particles and Data Types
    b. Working with Cascade
    c. Using COmmon Modules
    d. Setting Up Materials for Particles
    e. Triggering Particle Systems

Chapter 11 - Using Skeletal Mesh Actors
    a. Defining Skeletal Meshes
    b. Importing Skeletal Meshes
    c. Learning Persona
    d. Using Skeletal Mesh Actors

Chapter 12 - Matinee and Cinematics
    a. Matinee Actors
    b. Matinee Editor
    c. Curve Editor
    d. Working with Other Tracks
    e. Working with Cameras in Matinee

Chapter 13 - Learning to Work with Physics
    a. Using Physics in UE4
    b. Simulating Physics
    c. Using Physical Materials
    d. Working with Constraints
    e. Using Force Actors

Chapter 14 - Introducing Blueprint Visual Scripting System
    a. Visual Scripting Basics
    b. Understanding the Blueprint Editor
    c. Fundamental Concepts in Scripting

Chapter 15 - Working with Level Blueprints
    a. Actor Collision Settings
    b. Assigning Actors to Events
    c. Assinging Actors to Reference Variables

Chapter 16 - Working with Blueprint Classes
    a. Using Blueprint Classes
    b. The Blueprint Editor Interface
    c. Working with Components
    d. Working with the Timeline
    e. Scripting a Pulsating Light

Chapter 17 - Using Editable Variables and the Construction Script
    a. Setting Up
    b. Making Editable Variables
    c. Using the Construction Script

Chapter 18 - Making Key Input Events and Spawning Actors
    a. Why Spawning is Important
    b. Creating a Blueprint Class to Spawn
    c. Setting up the Spawner Blueprint
    d. Spawning an Actor from a Class

Chapter 19 - Making an Action Encounter
    a. Project Game Modes
    b. Knowing Characters' Abilities
    c. Using Blueprint Classes
    d. Actor and Component Tags

Chapter 20 - Creating an Arcade Shooter: Input Systems and Pawns
    a. Identifying Requirments with a Design Summary
    b. Creating a Game Project
    c. Creating a Custom Game Mode
    d. Creating a Custom Pawn and Player Controller
    e. Controlling a Pawn's Movement
    f. Setting Up a Fixed Camera

Chapter 21 - Creating an Arcade Shooter: Obstacles and Pickups
    a. Creating an Arcade Shooter: Obstacles and Pickups
    b. Making Your Obstacle Move
    c. Damaging the Pawn
    d. Restarting the Game on Death
    e. Creating a Health Pickup
    f. Creating an Actor Spawner
    g. Cleaning Up Old Obstacles

Chapter 22 - Working with UMG
    a. Creating a Widget Blueprint
    b. Navigating the UMG Interface
    c. Creating a Start Menu
    d. Sample Menu System

Chapter 23 - Making an Executable
    a. Cooking Content
    b. Packaging A Project for Windows
    c. Resources for Android and iOS Packaging
    d. Accessing Advanced Packaging Settings

Chapter 24 - Working with Mobile
    a. Developing for Mobile Devices
    b. Using Touch
    c. Using a Device's Motion Data